blog: updates Pooler post (#48)
multigres/site: blog/2026-05-27-drop-in-postgres-proven-with-a-real-app.md

tags: [postgres, multigres, connection-pooling, drop-in, scaling]
---

> # 16,000 Postgres connections at 2,000/sec churn

Reviewer: Not sure about the title, but the rest looks good to me!

Multigres doesn't have its own engine. It is more like an "operating system" around native Postgres, so compatibility isn't an issue. The Multigres gateway speaks the wire protocol end-to-end and forwards to a real Postgres instance.

## Testing Postgres compatibility with Miniflux

To demonstrate this compatibility, we searched for an application that uses a variety of advanced Postgres features. We found [Miniflux](https://miniflux.app/), a self-hosted feed reader. 

The Miniflux docs explicitly say it requires Postgres, not "a Postgres-compatible database". It uses extensions, JSON columns for feed metadata, full-text search, `LISTEN`/`NOTIFY`, and various other niche Postgres features.

The Miniflux Docker image takes a Postgres connection string. Pointing it at a Multigres cluster works the same way as pointing it at a Postgres instance. Miniflux starts, runs its migrations, creates its tables, and begins fetching feeds. As far as Miniflux is concerned, it is talking to Postgres.

## Testing scalability to 16,000 connections

> To test scalability in the video demonstration above, we run an app called SupaFirehose. It's configured for `20,000` concurrent connections, high read and write QPS, and a churn rate of `2,000` connections per second. The demonstration runs on a single MacBook.

Author: ```suggestion
To test scalability in the video demonstration above, we run a tool called [SupaFirehose](https://github.com/multigres/supafirehose). It's configured for `20,000` concurrent connections, high read and write QPS, and a churn rate of `2,000` connections per second. The demonstration runs on a single MacBook.
```

The connection count climbs and settles in the `16,000` to `18,000` range. The limit is the laptop, not Multigres. The gateway could accept more, but the kernel runs out of file descriptors.

> We felt it was important to include churn because real workloads don't just hold connections - they open, use, drop, and reopen connections.

Author: ```suggestion
We felt it was important to include connection churn to mimic real workloads that open, use, drop, and reopen connections.
```
